yeah yeah look at that phone look at
that look at it now expected me and you
man you must know the nuts inside that
horse man cut out ah fuck wait
sup everybody sticking like Andrew
deeper deeper oh yeah you busted nose
just like him the rock come down come
down man
come down now get crazy on the man
combining the bushes on stab them yeah
you wait till I said stab them a member
to our egg drew what's the name Andrew
Mendoza
yeah and Ruben dos on their ear man a
dude likes horse pussy let me tell you
what happened a better hey tell them
what had a minute man can we say
something this token get too hot leg off
me hey you go daddy me what kind of
woman you like oh I like women with big
horse asses long tails coming out the
back I'm talking about humans bitch
ain't talking about us let me tell you
what I like I like doing black stallions
do big old black mmm smooth asses me
tell my got come in from behind like
this let me tell him what happened man
telling buddy that's what happened
angels and his house waiting on his
girlfriend now this is core to a state
and he gated police he actually fucking
he broked his shit on her damn statement
and sign that bitch and gave it to the
police but guess what happened they say
a fake booze girl right girl was taking
a long time so man this is bullshit
yeah yeah I don't wait no no you had a
good backup plan so he had a back-up
plan he said you know if she don't call
me or come over here I'm gonna go over
there car crossed you to my neighbor's
house
I don't know but fuck that damn horse
they got over there
look at that horse but be warned it's
you so he's been think about this yeah
back she wasn't walking I was taking the
trash out yeah quiet la yeah man look at
that
take that horse over there I don't know
how to fuck you get up man I'm fuckin
stink yes I got seen a horse man have
you ever seen a horse take a dump that
should've ever seen a horse take a piss
man did my fuckers pissing his shit all
over himself man this dude had to go man
he going out in a goddamn pin and go
straight ham inside my damn horse
yeah so he got off man so his girl he
never lost his nuts deep inside of him
yeah so he the girl Fred never shows so
this would he say this thing to police
walked over and jumped in to pay with
this horse said when it got over the
horse saw me just walked over to talk
the horse like disaster something right
so he's like a Miss fauces tall look
short motherfuck he's a damn man he's a
little fucking laying on right so it was
a bucket of water in that bitch you know
on that damn horses water heater there
was his worn-out took the bucket and put
it right behind the damn horse stood on
it but right one side hit a horse said
it took about 10 12 is bust nuts
what five ten Macy said he busted his
nuts don't think he took his time man
you think this shit slow fast deer right
when he grated buzzy slow that shit back
down to this dick stop fees no did he
start hitting that shit lose it man it
was like a man and he said man in his
statement man horse didn't move man
horse must've liked it that's when he
said it something it ain't something
right about you and who your horse
yeah I mean your brain just something's
not working and something this I mean
it's fired man but it's it's not like
your brain is not fine correctly man and
fucking didn't and horse didn't know
what the fuck was going on horses of
dumb fucking stupid ass animal man yeah
horses don't like gimme getting back
from the back from the do named Angie
Mendoza my I don't take that fucking
horse knew what the fuck is going on
yeah probably any film cousin horses man
they got them 125 the fuck you talking
about horses as stupid as fuck well
like dead ass man a fucking horse run
right off the fucker doesn't that what
I'm saying man like a horse weakened
when another horse is fucking another
horse man I'm damned horse cocks man of
damn horse cocks like 24 inches many
probably you feel the head go back up
packing it know what I'm saying
horse eyes get big hair when I'm real
horses come up in it like this they've
got them host bility room who doing all
the chick cuz they fill all that meat
inside in man little ad you tailor-made
fighting til shit yeah
Oh women women though that article
didn't clarify man was it a female horse
or was it a male horse don't you think
it really matters man I'm thinking man
he's I'm thinking he got some asshole
man he didn't even get no hopeless
you got sprayed asshole